In the top left sits a web browser with
a YouTube posting titled:
"Postcard from 1952 (Live)
- Explosions in the Sky."
The cursor clicks play and the video opens
with band members walking on stage.
In the upper right, the cursor clicks play
on a video showing a white background.
In the video a cursor types:
I feel silly talking. . . .
A browser with tweets slides on top of the
video with typing.
The cursor turns into a spotlight
and highlights a tweet.
The cursor scrolls up
and highlights another tweet.
A new browser appears, filling the screen.
A black screen loads in the browser.
The black screen moves to the background.
A text file and a video showing blue sky
slide on screen.
The black screen in the back
changes to a field and sky.
A browser appears with an article titled:
The Digital Humanities
and the Transcending of Mortality.
The cursor selects
the text of the article.
The cursor opens a menu and selects Copy.
The browser slides off screen.
The cursor moves the text file
to the top right of the screen.
The cursor pastes text into the text file.
In the back, a mixed media collage, then
a field and sky appear.
The video with the band moves forward.
Videos move to the front showing typing,
sky and jet trails, a man making bubbles.
The sky and jet trails
slide off the screen.
A browser slides on screen titled:
Using BBAutoComplete. A spotlight shines
on text in the browser: BBAutoComplete
looks backwards and forward. . . .
The browser slides off screen.
In the background, a camera moves over
the asphalt of an old road.
In the text file, the cursor types:
We seek c.
A Scripts dialog box shows
a highlighted item: BBAutoComplete.
In the dialog box, the cursor clicks
a button marked Run.
With each click, words appear in the text
file: column, clog, communal, challenge.
The cursor edits and autocompletes
words in the text file.
In the background, images shift: amber
texture changes to a white screen.
A yellow, hand-drawn bird
appears on screen.
The cursor continues to change words
in the text file with autocomplete.
Images shift on screen: a scanned flyer,
moving figures, the band performing.
The cursor moves the video that shows
typing. Text is visible:
When I started out. . . .
There seemed to be a difference. . . .
In the text file, the cursor types:
transformation.
In the background, a figure shovels snow
and a figure rides an ATV.
The cursor moves the Scripts dialog
box off screen.
An Info dialog box appears showing word,
character, and page counts.
A spotlight illuminates the box,
highlighting Words.
The cursor closes the Info box.
A web browser appears, filling the screen.
The cursor resizes and moves the browser.
In the background, images shift: a collage
of figures, jet trails.
The cursor opens a tab in the browser
showing a blog posting.
The cursor selects the text.
The cursor moves to the text file and
pastes in the text.
The Info box appears and a spotlight
illuminates the new Word count.
A new blog posting is loaded
in the browser.
The text is copied.
The text is pasted into the text file.
The spotlight shows
the changing word count.
A new blog posting is loaded
in the browser.
The text is copied.
The text is pasted into the text file.
The spotlight shows
the changing word count.
In the background, images shift: a collage
of figures, a portable building.
A new blog posting is loaded
in the browser.
The text is copied.
The text is pasted into the text file.
The cursor opens a blog posting, and then
copies and pastes text into the text file.
In the background band members sway
and play their instruments.
The cursor opens a blog posting, and then
copies and pastes text into the text file.
In the background, a portable building
is demolished and the band plays.
The cursor opens a blog posting, and then
copies and pastes text into the text file.
copies its text.
The cursor moves the browser with the blog
postings off screen.
The cursor pastes text into the text file.
The spotlight shows
the changing word count
The cursor scrolls to the top of the text
file and types: We seek to be s.
The Scripts box appears and thecursor
runs autocomplete.
Using autocomplete and typing,
the cursor writes:
We seek to be several things and we want
to make things.
In the background, band members play and
figures appear.
In the text file, typing continues:
There are more than enough
of the old things in place.
In the background images play: jet trails,
demolition of buildings, the band playing.
Videos appear and shift: bees and flowers,
jet trails, text.
The cursor types: This is the place
where we make scholarly w.
The cursor runs autocomplete:
w becomes we.
Autocomplete runs: "we" becomes "where,"
"want," "what," "with," "went," "who."
The cursor deletes the word "who"
and types, "where are the waves?"
The cursor types: "We seek w."
The cursor runs autocomplete:
"w" is replaced with "waves."
The cursor types: "We have found them!!!!"
Videos play: jet trails; a man making
bubbles.
In the text file, typing and autocomplete
continue.
Videos play: jet trails; text being typed;
a man making large bubbles.
In the upper left, the band members
jam on their instruments.
In the text file, typing and autocomplete
have produced a phrase:
We feel them flowing through the screen.
The scripts box is moved off screen.
The text file is moved off screen.
Videos play: a jet trails vapor
against a dark blue sky.
The band jams on their instruments.
In the lower right a small video scrolls
through a list of sources.
In the background, visuals show a building
being demolished and burning debris.
A collage of images fills the background:
demolition and multiple figures.
A figure is clicked, and a video opens
with a man and woman in an office.
Videos shuffle and play on screen:
jet trails; the band; typing; waves.
In the upper right, jet trails are lit
orange against a dark blue sky.
In the upper left, a band member picks
a guitar.
In the lower left, a middle-aged woman
sits at a desk, smiling.
In the upper right, jet trails stream,
bright orange.
Sources scroll in the lower right.
The video with the band stops
and is moved off screen.
Videos are moved off screen.